Solidified some styling in the section in order to finish this example so you can see that we have a
bunch of the fan that we have a lot of Maryan right here.
But I think it's a good idea to actually build this website and going up and incognito mode and page
right here.
So you see in incognito mode you can see their web site without being logged in because when you log
in and you see these butan and other options so you can see now we have something like this and we have
a lot of this basically on the top.
And that's the law is basically on the bottom.
So let's inspect these right here.
You can see if the cover here on the main You can see that we have a lot of Palin on the top and also
margin on the bottom of the McCabe's copy everything from here.
And this is it's uses page right here and this is the Palin upswell and that Palin topped 0.
We can remove that Palin had zero here you can see the live preview and right here you can see that
we have these Pay Day page and you can see by the bottom outhaul we're going to a camera right here.
Basie's and reload
Yes but in borrowing these ones and create a new selector.
And by the end bottom Cyril so save these and reload now.
And I is looking better writing that we have a little office space than the bottom yet.
What are these yet race you know you can see that we have margin in each and the so we can either them
page plate them template one page each entry and they're going to have another set like the rescue.
You can see that is 4 am.
So maybe you can dig these in here.
We're going to mark in ball to AM Sordello these and yet if any of this is looking better we'll come
Morris bays right here in space right.
And also the belove these images.
We have somebody in submarine on the bottom so why don't I copy these when I've bought them again.
We can cut this fall.
Maybe that 8 am
is looking nice and we're going to make this H-3 a little smaller.
We're going to use these being selective so we can use for example this is like their products.
Neither approach is very and we're going to have one size maybe 1.2 some Dina's mother
is looking fine I think maybe one is going to be better
yet if this is looking better.
And you can click here and know everything is working.
So this is great.
We have the feature probes right here and we have done our fearless plan for newcomers.